---
layout: blog
title: Advice on Attending a Conference
subtitle: From a student Perspective
---

h2(#disclaimer). Disclaimer

I'm just a PhD student and I'm not the best person to seek advice for attending a conference. You can find better advice from senior professors in the field. If you have not read advice form professors on how to attend a conference, you should do it before reading this. You can start with "Michael Ernst's":http://homes.cs.washington.edu/~mernst "advice":http://homes.cs.washington.edu/~mernst/advice/conference-attendance.html.


h2(#advice). Advice

The main purpose of attending a conference--apart from presenting your paper if you have a paper in the conference--is networking. You can find a lot of advice on what a good place conferences are for meeting people and how to talk with them, but there are a couple of things that you should keep in mind:

#   Famous people in the area are a source of clumping. Yes, conferences are perfect places for meeting famous people in the field, Ideally, you want to meet as many of them as possible and get feedback from them. Sadly, famous people are also a source of clumping, every time you see one of them, there are a group of people around them waiting to talk with them. Many times, these people are their students or other professors who have worked with or are working with them on previous or ongoing projects. So, if you see a famous professor 10 times, it is very likely there are at least 4 or 5 people around them each time you see them. It is even more likely that 1 or 2 people spend a lot of their time with them. You definitely want to meet famous people in your research area but it is suboptimal to spend to much waiting for them to find free time or to spend a lot of time with people who are always with them.
#   You should balance your time between meeting students and meeting professors. It is not a good idea to spend all or most of your time with students from other universities, nor is it a good idea to spend all or most of your time with professors, You can get different feedback from each group. Students from other universities can explain their projects that they are working on, problems that they are trying to solve, and challenges that they are facing in more detail. This can help you becoming familiar with other research areas. It also can help you come up with new ideas for your own research. Professors also can do these but you can ask for feedback that is more difficult to get from students. Professors can give you--if you like, critical--feedback on your project.
