---
layout: homework-ta
title: CSE 625 (Autumn 2011), Homework 4
---
The below table shows a summary of Homework #4

table(homework-list). 
|_. Question #  |_. Points |_. MIN |_. MAX |_. AVERAGE |_. Comments |
|=.  "1":#Q1    |=.   15   |=.  0  |=. 15  |=. 13      | Parts (a), (b) and ==(c)== each has 5 points. |
|=.  "2":#Q2    |=.   45   |=. 10  |=. 45  |=. 32      | Parts (a) to (i) each has 5 points. |
|=.  "3":#Q3    |=.   10   |=.  0  |=. 10  |=.  6.79   | Parts (a), (b)  each has 5 points. |
|=.  "4":#Q4    |=.   10   |=.  0  |=. 10  |=.  4.71   | |
|=.  "5":#Q5    |=.   10   |=.  0  |=. 10  |=.  0.77   | |
|=.  "6":#Q6    |=.   10   |=.  0  |=. 10  |=.  2.31   | |

You can find more detailed information and the answers to some of the questions below.

h2(#Q1). Question 1                                                    

h3. Notes

* For each part, you will lose one point if your proof has a subtle flaw. 
* For part ==(c)==, you should show that there exist an __i__ such that __uv[^i^]w__ is neither is __0[^n^]1[^n^]__ nor __0[^n^]1[^2n^]__. If you do not show this, you'll lose 1 point. If you have both "Let __x = 0[^n^]1[^n^]__" and "Let __x = 0[^n^]1[^2n^]__" in your answer to prove that this language is not regular, then you are trying to prove it twice!   
* Generally we do not know the values for __u__, __v__, and __w__. Consequently, if __n__ is the number given by the Pumping Lemma and you have sentences such as __u__=__a[^n^]__ in your answer, you probably need to review the Pumping Lemma.

h2(#Q2). Question 2

**Part (g)** 
Hint: __L[~2~] = (L[~1~] ∩ L[~2~]) ∪ ((L[~1~] ∪ L[~2~]) - L[~1~])__  
**Part (h)**
Hint: Consider these languages: __L[~i~]__ = __{a[^i^]b[^i^]}__
**Part (i)**
Hint: Consider these languages: __L[~i~]__ = {all non prime numbers} ∪ {all prime numbers less than __i__ }
                               
h2(#Q3). Question 3            

**Hint:** It might be easier to prove the compliment of __L__ is regular. 

h2(#Q4). Question 4

To my best knowledge, it is not proven yet that any even number can be written as sum of two prime numbers (a.k.a. Goldbach's conjecture). As far as I know, it is still a conjecture. However if you know that it is proven (recently), please direct me to the correct reference. Having said that, those students who have used Goldbach's conjecture to give and example of an irregular language __L__ for which __L[^2^]__ is regular will receive no points for question 4.

h2(#Q5). Question 5

Hint: Take __x=(ba)[^n-1^]bb(ab)[^n^].

h2(#Q6). Question 6

This language is regular.

**Hint:** For all __n>=24__, __n__ can be written as n = 2[^2^] + ... + 2[^2^] + 3[^2^] + ... + 3[^2^] 
